Well, so far we have tested
our batteries yes i have a camera
removes the emperor the minute goes bye
only this on that on a new battery
which came let's compare and
test this thing that
rezinochka something like that on a spring here it
understands the phone is inserted yes yes here
the thickness of the phone is inserted like this
that is, iPhones are no longer just me
said that i sold that is well here
take any phone like this substitute
spring is pretty good inserted
it and screwed it very well that there
standard thread
that is, you can fasten like this
tripod yes on this monopole also
can be screwed
and on a standard tripod that is
universal turns out the thing we have
that you can fasten wherever you want
there is here it is like this but
I still have this very heavy phone
it's like you saw me in the tests
Here is a reference it threw it into the pool
and in the washing machine I washed it personally
look if it's interesting that he is the sun
will present so thats folded
and the guys told me immediately called
what if here in the direction like this 2 times and
he is fixed is obtained
another one can be fixed
recorded even the growth of such with such
here is the weight that is the phone is rubber she
three times more than the iphone then he me
not pads here she keeps me that is
the pen does not drive back that is possible
shoot them whatever you like i am now
show more pictures that I shot here
at the ball baby with him very well
good thing and very useful then
have something to remove from the hands or yourself
when you go to shoot very conveniently
more place is worth less what
plus here the back is also a thread and you can
connect and one more such monopod and
make it twice as long or you can
just on a tripod attach if necessary
on top let 's say shoot something there
Article meter and a half let's say height to
and then another meter is the sound and a half
meters of height you can fix any
the camera
also had a phone or a brooch
camera yes and take pictures now with
two and a half meters high
Now I show you how it is removed
with gopro
So
happens
how much is the camera so new
shoot on memory to read out the result
card where
Well, how much is the maximum 64 here
such is the thing monopod to the Internet
the store which I plan to open now
still run if someone is involved
by the way creating an online store and
so on can write to me in PM
I want to know completely because 600 700
I don't want to pay dollars now
site creator cheat very expensive price
she will be around 200 hryvnia
Ukraine is such a similarity that
there she goes 350 400 hryvnia that is
the same thing twice cheaper to discuss everything
thanks request